Nine people, I'm there, we're all stuck
new video channel and in the city there was
again a few quick updates and these
when I look at a bit of me today
an apples platform or too german
of course, flood plain and there they have
just in the completely new construction
asked that is the map begins
this time from the other side there
where normally the last one
bases of the page starts is now so
not as we know this park
section as seen but directly
within the city calls it at it
there are no more battle pickups or
that is really not in vacha only
my jeeps there is really nothing
the more he heliad he all away to then
no parachute spawn anymore
the spark so you really come
So I can not stand up anymore
water through these whole roofs
this including the fighting pub in the
sense already prevents it from becoming
evolution no longer automatic
activated but only from the third
base you can destroy this wall
but still flood if you can do it in
the short time around who does that
probably happens to all but quite so
make the idea completely new with these
and the infantry only I think so
actually very cool
only the implementation is not so
my first the defenders
Some people can just come along perfectly
comb in base 1 when I attack
we have outside zones m coming and jena
You can park directly from the car park
different they may once again
fade in
I'm really mega I purely
I ran and washed
Michael Ballack wanted it and he could
Well, now you can see it's easy
down ball to another scene
Here I have such an increase was
must be directly can not rise
out the window springer from the roof
or I can jump on it
loose opponents from above to shoot down
of course this is all now not sooo
hot
The network area is also still outside
The bridge continues where you stop too
back up and sometimes even
through this super cover and this
raising extreme benefits had become
with the mg something similar to what was just there
of course that's all
difficult the map is finished map is there
I can really map easy
completely rebuild but there are
just synonymous problems with the now
not a completely new design
necessarily fit but should be easy
really big changes some
perform areas and therefore fits
not all that perfect otherwise
it may still be watery
had lead Revival trouble
not so often now but somehow
so it is not so rwe me this
I have to say that I have to drive up to the base
So, or rather the radstation
themselves are a bit short
You actually only have three pieces in this way
it can sometimes really small intervals
go fast
let's see sometimes he almost gives it
already such a cluster fact is already
a little longer you will take back window
station they meant bissingen short and
Well , that's just not perfect
on to the next card, too
that was of course adapted to golmud
railway or golmud railway and there
I can not say that much now because
the rounds were always cut off
and the problem is you can do the maps like that
bad test
there are just a few servers or
Run all maps one after the other through the
means I played well then may
I place 1 2 round 2 round 2 round
etc
May I really have several websites
preliminary round play until I back
if everlasting looks golmud always has
what bad company 2 just because of
this whole building really does
Break that is really one of those
the few sections photo times a bit
said it better can the breaks go
broken and that too has here otherwise
it often so that a wall is busted
I do not know you have to try and
here really goes much broken las hab
already so easy bad company 2 feeling
Still, she is not as good as
the webs of that time with a bit
redistributed among the vehicles now
These trucks do not care anymore
It's about the tank at the first
base the attackers have two tanks of the
Defender has
have a new second base the
attackers still have one and defenders
certainly no more
with the third fourth fifth is halt
infantry only here we just see x5
bases and in place and there are
only three without bad and there can
it also cause problems because if
I attack both create armor
to get through the first base
yes then you have essay then I have
already experienced that on the last base
at the fifth still both opponents
already tanks were there and it has
partly overrun that works
not quite as good as these are
stationary rocket launcher but unfortunately
sometimes they can not do that either
purpose and especially if it is
actually means riol ii will be the
Pioneers less and less and when he does
can do something against the panzer yes
then they are pretty bad
of course you have the same design
small changes carried out at the
Coverings that was yes she was
every card somehow has to be better
hinzubekommen
but have it easy with me
always become the aggressor I have
until now there was not that
defenders have won every time
are the attackers still somehow
passed through
now they also have to pay ticket
By default, 100 changes what I do
Now do not hold so well until now
so currently cost that the
Attacker crass on the winner so the
other the attackers a round where the
be swapped teams winning back the
probably the attacker probably before
totally get downed only comes
with just as if the
attacker with many maps in the advantage
There would be something to the visual recoil
who is already gefixed have you
tells all weapons are affected in the
main game is not yet the case and
I just think the burst weapons take
I once tested the m4 here
much better
so clear up again so far
but I find just at the markets
One more piece I can do with him
start a bit more than before
I still have to say burst weapons
are not mine is not mine
I'm feeling the exchanges rather
I would like to have the left myself
but did not specify on the weapon
I have to say she played well
as was not bad i could
use and that's nice
I think the exchanges need it then
again so know the coup
how much to me, for example, in the 43rd
the poor 490 nothing to say that was
a sick beast and the kh has become
I also have to say that it feels good
I liked these two for example
better than in comparison to the four
first weapons so that's it with this
I do not know what I will do next
days so makes because from tuesday comes yes
such a dlc i have heard brands deep
that's exactly what it was and there you will become
also to give a few videos
Because there would be very high in any case
cool see you next time
pure skin